The man in front of me is holding the moon with all the stars
It's his best friend Gu Miaomiao's little book
Also the man he has had a crush on for 9 years
He never thought of it
After confessing the tragedy to Gu Sijun four years ago
Qin Luo and the others will miss you again this day
Uh, what a coincidence, uncle
You also come to the press conference
This wedding dress brand has investment in our story
Don't say hello when you see me
What are you hiding from?
No, I'm just afraid of disturbing you.
Wait for me to go after the party
I didn't ask you to wait, why did I get in the car by myself?
Back to the compound
I moved out four years ago
Where do you live now?
Pageant Hall